---
title: "生活大爆炸-第一季-第三集"
subtitle: "生活大爆炸"
layout: post
author: "bulingfeng"
header-style: text
tags:
- 英语学习
- 生活大爆炸
---

1. I disagree. Love is not a **sprint**, it's a **marathon**.
2. a **relentless pursuit** that only ends when she falls into your arms or hits you with the **pepper spray** (防狼喷雾).
3. I'm done with penny.
4. The **dietician** at the cafeteria with the limp and lazy eye.
5. one can only assume she's signaling sexual avalibility.
6. There are **pitfalls**.
7. when it comes to **sexual harassment** (性骚扰) law , I‘m a bit of a self taught expert.
8. ask her to **strip naked** and dance for me.
9. I would like to **propose** an experiment.
10. **heat up** my cap noodles
11. about two seconds, 2.6 for **minestrone** 
12. wait, are you asking me out?
13. I was going to **characterize** it as the modification of our **colleague**-slash-friendship **paradigm**
14. but we don't need to **quibble** over **terminology**.
15. **biochemical reaction** 生物化学反应
16. why don't we just **stipulate** the date goes well and move to the key varible?
17. no, i think it needs to be **spontaneous**.
18. on the plus side, it was a good kiss, no **extraneous spittle**.
19. one the other hand, no **arousal**
20. That depends
21. although the history of **science fiction**(科幻) is not on your side.
22. you might **be bound by** them right now
23. what's going on?
24. **tedious** emo songs
25. I don't know if I can take it
26. **I happend to** know a place where there are plenty of **eligible** women.
27. remember  the latin hips
28. you're in for a treat
29. If you're compiling a mix cd for a double suicide
30. There's a **feline** geneticist in sun diego  who's developed the catest little hypoallergenic calicos
31. do you really think you can satisfy your need for a relationship genetically altered cat
32. this is obviously about penney

